📝 Add LASCAS and TCAD papers to docs (#722)
cda-tum/fiction: docs/publications.rst

    `Post-layout optimization experiment script <https://github.com/cda-tum/fiction/tree/main/experiments/post_layout_optimization>`_

    .. code-block:: tex

        @inproceedings{hofmann2025scalablepostlayout,
          title={{Efficient and Scalable Post-Layout Optimization for Field-coupled Nanotechnologies}},
          author={Hofmann, Simon and Walter, Marcel and Wille, Robert},

>           journal={IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          journal={IEEE Transactions on Computer-Aided Design of Integrated Circuits and Systems (TCAD)},
```

    `Graph-oriented layout design experiment script <https://github.com/cda-tum/fiction/tree/main/experiments/graph_oriented_layout_design>`_

    .. code-block:: tex

        @inproceedings{hofmann2025goldcost,
          title={{Physical Design for Field-coupled Nanocomputing with Discretionary Cost Objectives}},
          author={Hofmann, Simon and Walter, Marcel and Wille, Robert},

>           booktitle={2025 IEEE 16th Latin America Symposium on Circuits and Systems (LASCAS)},

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          booktitle={IEEE CASS Latin America Symposium on Circuits and Systems (LASCAS)},
```
